1. Q: How would you define Machine Learning?
   A: Machine learning is teaching computers to learn without being procedurally instructed on a task

2. Q: Can you name four types of problems where it shines?
   A: 1. Problems for which existing solutions require a lot of hand-tuning or long lists of rules.
      2. Complex problems for which there is no good solution at all using a traditional approach.
      3. Problems dealing with fluctuating environments
      4.  Getting insights about complex problems and large amounts of data

3. Q: What is a labeled training set?
   A: A training set that is already classified with the desired prediction

4. Q: What are the two most common supervised tasks?
   A: Classification and regression

5. Q: Can you name four common unsupervised tasks?
   A: 1. visualization of complex data
      2. dimensionality reduction / feature extraction
      3. Anomaly detection
      4. association rule learning

6. Q: What type of Machine Learning Algorithm would you use to allow a robot to walk in various unknown terrains?
   A. Reinforcement Learning

7. Q: What type of algorithm would you use to segment your customers into multiple groups?
   A: Unsupervised clustering

8. Q: Would you frame the problem of spam detection as a supervised learning problem or an unsupervised learning problem?
   A: Spam classification has traditionally be a supervised learning problem

9. Q: What is an online learning system?
   A: In online learning training is done in small batches, incrementally while the system runs in a real environment.
      This is opposed to in batch where training is done all at once, offline.

10. Q: What is out-of-core learning?
    A: Out-of-core learning is used to deal with huge datasets that cannot fit into memory in an online learning
       environment.  Out-of-core learning means taking smaller chunks of data and running a training step on those small
       chunks until all the data is trained.

11.